italian$
Carbonara 0@
Ricetta Carbonara/
Parmigiana 0@
Ricetta Parmigiana/
Caponata 0@
To prepare Caponata you need the following ingredients: 600 g aubergines, 100 g celery stalks, 1 onion, 80 g pitted green olives, 25 g capers, 200 g red tomatoes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 small cup vinegar, extra virgin olive oil and finally pepper. 
The procedure is as follows.
1)Clean the aubergines, cut them into cubes and fry them in a pan with plenty of extra virgin olive oil.
2)Lift the aubergines with a skimmer and set them aside.
3) Slice the onions and cut the celery stalks into thin rounds, put them in the pan in which you fried the aubergines (but first remove some of the excess oil) and let them wilt.
4) Add the desalted capers and pitted olives and cook for a few more minutes.
5) Now add the diced tomatoes and tomato paste.
6)Finally add the aubergines.
7)Deglaze with a small cup of vinegar in which you have dissolved a tablespoon of sugar and gently mix your caponata%
spanish$
Patatas 0@
Ricetta Patatas/
Paella 0@
Ricetta Paella%
french$
Ratatouille 0@
Ricetta Ratatouille%
american$
Donuts 0@
To prepare the Donuts you need the following ingredients: 500 g 0 flour, 12 g fresh brewer's yeast, 250 ml milk, 80 g sugar, 1 egg, 100 g butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla essence, 6 g salt, seed oil, 150 g icing sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 100 g dark chocolate, pink food colouring, sprinkles. 
The procedure is as follows.
1) In a large bowl, make a well in the centre of the flour and add the sugar, the crumbled yeast, the milk and the vanilla essence;
Start kneading from the centre of the bowl, gradually absorbing all the flour and then add the egg; once it has been incorporated into the dough, add the softened butter a little at a time; continue kneading until the mixture is smooth and homogeneous and comes away from the sides of the bowl.
2) Once formed a smooth and homogeneous dough, move it in a bowl brushed with a little melted butter and cover with cling film; let it rise for at least 2 hours, inside the oven turned off but with the light on.
3)Take the dough and roll it out with the rolling-pin on a floured work surface; with a pastry ring with a diameter of 8 cm cut out the circles that you will pierce in the middle with another pastry ring of 3 cm.
4) Now place the donuts on a baking tray on separate 10 cm squares of baking paper and leave them to rise for at least 40 minutes in the oven with the light switched off.
5)Heat the oil in a saucepan and fry the donuts, with the baking paper, one at a time and on both sides.
6)As they are ready, place them on absorbent paper to remove excess oil; in the meantime, prepare the glaze by combining the milk with the sugar and dividing it into two bowls; dip the donuts in one of the two, wetting them only on one side.
7)Decorate the same donuts moving them now in a small bowl with the sprinkles.
8) In the other bowl, add food colouring instead; frost and decorate other donuts in the same way.
9) Finally, make the chocolate version by glazing them in melted dark chocolate with a little butter.
10) Once dried, your donuts are ready to be enjoyed%
